END USER AGREEMENT

This document sets out the terms and conditions for your use of the charge point software, App, and our Website. Your agreement with us for the provision of this service is made up of this agreement and the following terms (each including any other document or information we refer to in such documents):
	•	Privacy Policy
	•	Acceptable Use Policy

The App, Website, and Service are provided to you by Monta ApS (“Monta”) and Mitsubishi HC Capital UK PLC trading as Novuna Vehicle Solutions (“Novuna”). References to “us”, “our”, “we” shall be construed as including Novuna and Monta.

Novuna Vehicle Solutions is a trading style of Mitsubishi HC Capital UK PLC. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Financial Services Register no. 704348. The register can be accessed through www.fca.org.uk. Registered Office: Novuna House, Thorpe Road, Staines-upon-Thames, Surrey, TW18 3HP. Registered in Cardiff under company no. 1630491.

1. Definitions

	•	Acceptable Use Policy: our policy for use of the Services by you as updated or amended from time to time. A copy can be accessed by clicking the link above and the latest version is annexed to this Agreement;
	•	App: the mobile application software which you can use to access the Services, the data supplied with the software, and any updates or supplements to it;
	•	Event Outside Our Control: means an event, or a series of related events, that is outside the reasonable control of the party affected (including failures of the internet or any public telecommunications network, hacker attacks, denial of service attacks, virus or other malicious software attacks or infections, power failures, industrial disputes affecting any third party, changes to the law, disasters, explosions, fires, floods, riots, terrorist attacks, and wars);
	•	Privacy Policy: our privacy policy, as updated or amended from time to time. A copy can be accessed by clicking the link above;
	•	Service(s): the provision of the electric vehicles charging software as explained in Clause 2;
	•	Site: the location where you access the Service;
	•	Website: the website administration.mynovunacharging.co.uk or any variations to it which you can use to access the Services.

2. What we provide

We will provide you with access via the App or the Website to the software used in the electric charge point you are using to charge your vehicle at the Site. Any processing of personal data will be carried out in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please be aware that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that any message or information you send using the App or any Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.

3. When your contract for the use of the Service starts, ends and your cancellation rights

3.1 We will be deemed to have accepted your request to use the Services when you use a charge point, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us for the use of the Services. If we are unable to accept your order for whatever reason, we will inform you of this and you will not be able to use the charge point.

3.2 When you download the App or log in on the Website and click ‘accept’ to these terms and conditions, these terms become a binding contract for each use of the Services and for your continued use of the App and the Website.

3.3 It is your responsibility to ensure your details are correct and to notify us if there are any changes. You must enter your details in order to create an account.

3.4 You must be 16 or over to use the Services, the App, or the Website.

4. Payment

4.1 Once you have used the charge point, you must pay for your charging in accordance with this clause 4. You can pay using a debit or credit card via the Monta Wallet (“Wallet”). Your charges are based on the amount you use the Service. The Wallet is a virtual payment method which can be used to pay for charging your EV by funds placed in your personal Monta account directly by use of the App or by use of a charge key connected to your account. The Wallet can be loaded by you by means of credit card or other accepted payment methods. You may credit money to your Wallet either manually or automatically when the balance goes below a certain amount. You may also withdraw your balance from your Wallet. Monta does not charge fees for the credit or withdrawal process. A user who scans a QR code and is not an existing Monta user (“Guest User”) may also make use of the Wallet, subject to providing the required user information and acceptance of the Terms of Use.

If the Wallet has insufficient funds for the estimated price of the charge, you will be asked to ensure sufficient balance is on the Wallet prior to authorisation or to choose an alternative payment method. Before accepting to initiate the charge in the App, you will be asked to enter your personal security 4-digit code. For Guest Users, the authorisation is made by verification by e-mail or phone. Once a charge is authorised by use of the Wallet, the amount corresponding to the charge price is charged from the Wallet immediately after the charging session.

4.2 You may not place funds in the Wallet in excess of GBP 205. Each transfer to top up your Wallet is capped at GBP 110. A deposit request in excess of this amount will be rejected. Funds on your Wallet may be used only to pay for charging services or products in the App facilitating your charging. In the event of a negative balance in the Wallet, you are required to immediately deposit funds to settle the balance. A Wallet may be blocked by us in the event of a negative balance which has not been re-filled after a written notice. You will not be able to access the Service again until we have received full payment for any charging used. You are required to use or withdraw funds placed in your Wallet within 5 years from the top-up date. We will send a reminder prior to the expiration date. Funds that are unused after the 5-year period will be lost.

4.3 Pay As You Go charging: If you opt to use pay as you go charging, you will be redirected to our third-party payment processor in order to pay for the charging. You will be entitled to charge up to a pre-authorised amount (confirmed in the App), and this may be shown on your bank statement. Please note, however, that you will only ever be charged for the amount you use. For example, if your pre-authorisation amount is £30 and your charging costs £20, you will be charged £20 and the surplus £10 will not be charged. This may show as a pending transaction and may take several days to clear depending on the bank account you use.

4.4 Credit Balance charging: You may have a credit balance where you can ‘top-up’ and hold money in your account. Payments made to top-up your account will be processed by our third-party payment processor. You can elect to use this credit balance to pay for your charging rather than paying for it as per option 4.4. Please note that any balance held on your account is held by Monta and your financial data is processed by Monta in accordance with its privacy policy, a link to which is found on https://monta.com/en-us/privacy-policy/.

4.5 There may be some instances where you are not charged at the point of receipt of the Service or are charged the incorrect amount. For example, this could happen due to a fault of the charge point which we only know about after you have used the Services. In these instances, we will contact you as soon as practicable to let you know how much you owe and when it needs to be paid. If you are holding a credit balance on your account, you acknowledge and agree that we can deduct amounts due from the credit balance. In all other instances, you must pay the amount owed by the due date for payment which we stipulate.

4.6 At the time of the latest revision of these terms, our third-party payment processor is Stripe. We reserve the right to change the processor at any time without notice.

4.7 You are liable for any payments made by use of the Wallet. In the event of misuse by a third party or unauthorised use of the Wallet, we shall cover the loss you may have suffered, provided you have not acted fraudulently, have adhered to these terms, and as soon as possible after the incident have informed us hereof. Any objections on a transaction due to an unauthorised or incorrect transaction shall be notified to us as soon as possible after the disputed transaction. When assessing whether objections have been notified as soon as possible, the requirement to regularly make oversight of transactions will be considered.

4.8 Monta Credits: Credits received in your Wallet from, e.g., participation in PowerBank (if it is switched on), may only be used for charging.

4.9 It is of great importance to us that you are comfortable using our payment options, including the Wallet. Any personal information used for a purchase or use of the Wallet is processed responsibly and in compliance with applicable payment and data protection laws. Please refer to Monta’s privacy policy for more information.

5. Using the Service

5.1 The Service requires your account details in order to access it; it is your responsibility to provide your details in order to use the Service.

5.2 The Service does not include:
	•	5.2.1 the connection from your network to the Service;
	•	5.2.2 any other services when you are connected to the internet;
	•	5.2.3 providing you with any equipment to access the Service; or
	•	5.2.4 technical support in relation to the Service or any equipment.

5.3 The Service may be impaired or interrupted by geographic, atmospheric, or other conditions or circumstances beyond our control. We will provide a telephone helpdesk, details of which are available in the App or on the Website, for issues to do with use of the Services.

5.4 Monta shall use reasonable endeavours to resolve issues raised through the telephone helpdesk promptly, and in any case in accordance with the following time periods:
	•	Critical: 4 Business Hours;
	•	Serious: 6 Business Hours;
	•	Moderate: 2 Business Days; and
	•	Minor: 5 Business Days.

5.5 Once notified in accordance with clause 5.3, Monta will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any issue to the extent it relates to our provision of the Service in accordance with the timelines set out in clause 5.4. If Monta thinks that a fault you have reported does not relate to the Service, or is as a result of circumstances outside our control, Monta will usually be able to tell you when you call. If we are unable to, we will let you know as soon as practicable.

5.6 You accept that we have no control over the information transmitted via the Service. We have no liabilities or obligations to you in respect of such information and/or such use other than in accordance with data protection law.

5.7 You are responsible for continuing to make sure that any equipment you use to access the Service is:
	•	5.7.1 suitable for use with the Service;
	•	5.7.2 adequately protected against external threats (for example, equipment defaults or viruses); and
	•	5.7.3 meets and is used in accordance with any instructions for its use.

5.8 You hereby acknowledge and accept that you are responsible for any acts or omissions of any third parties whom you allow to use the Services, and if they breach any of these terms it shall be as if you have breached them yourself.

5.9 If you become aware of any problems with the Service or any equipment using the Services (for example, if you become aware that a Charge Point is faulty), you must let us know as soon as possible, and you must stop using that equipment and/or the Service (as applicable).

5.10 You are responsible for complying with the specific parking restrictions and regulations at the charging station (such as written instructions shown at the charging station or the instructions given by the personnel of the charging station operators).

5.11 You shall use the charging station correctly and in accordance with the provided instructions and ensure that the charging station is suitable for the vehicle to be charged. If the charging station is damaged or defective, you should inform us.

5.12 You must take due care to protect your Monta account against misuse by others and promptly notify Monta about any detected misuse. You are responsible for keeping your account secure and not granting access to your account to others.

5.13 You are obligated to immediately notify us on 03433 519188 if you believe that your account or the charging key has been used by an unauthorized person or in an unauthorized manner. Monta may then block your access to the Services.

5.14 In the event of the loss of your charging key or the mobile phone on which the App has been installed, you shall immediately notify us. Monta may then block your access to the Services. If you do not give such notification and the charging key or the mobile phone in question remains in illegitimate use, we reserve the right to claim incurred losses as a damage from you in accordance with applicable law. For the sake of clarity, this clause does not constitute additional claims for damages against you as a consumer.

5.15 We continuously work for a more sustainable and developed grid. This implies that Monta may temporarily pause an ongoing charge, thereby contributing to the stability of the electricity grid. The temporary pause will not have a noticeable effect on the total charge of your electric vehicle. If PowerBank in the App is switched on, you can at any time opt out of participating by toggling off PowerBank in the App or the portal.

6. Using the App or the Website

6.1 The ways in which you can use the App may also be controlled by the rules of the operating system you use. Where there are differences between the two, we are not responsible for any breach of operating system rules even if it results from compliance with our rules.

6.2 In return for your agreeing to comply with these terms you may:
	•	6.2.1 download the App onto one device and view, use, and display the App and the Service on such devices for your personal purposes only.
	•	6.2.2 use any documentation, guidelines, or policies we provide to support your permitted use of the App and the Service.
	•	6.2.3 receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the App incorporating “patches” and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.

6.3 We are giving you personally the right to use the App and the Service as set out above. You may not copy or transfer the App or the Service to someone else, whether for money, for anything else, or for free. If you sell any device on which the App is installed, you must remove the App from it prior to sale.

6.4 From time to time we may automatically update the App and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system, or address security issues. Alternatively, we may ask you to update the App for these reasons.

6.5 If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the App and the Services.

6.6 The App will always work with the current or previous version of the operating system (as it may be updated from time to time) and, to the extent allowable by laws and appropriate with regards to changes in technology and industry practice, match the description of it provided to you when you downloaded it.

6.7 If you download or stream the App onto any phone or other device not owned by you, you must have the owner’s permission to do so. You will be responsible for complying with these terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device.

6.8 By using the App or any of the Services, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use the App on and related software, hardware, and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Services to you.

6.9 In order to properly provide the Services we will make use of location data sent from your devices. You can turn off this functionality at any time by turning off the location services settings for the App on the device. If you use these Services, you consent to us and our affiliates’ and licensees’ transmission, collection, retention, maintenance, processing, and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve location-based and road traffic-based products and services.

6.10 You may stop us collecting such data at any time by turning off the location services settings, but this may detrimentally affect our ability to provide the Services. If you turn off location settings, we shall have no liability for failures or defects in the Services as a result.

6.11 You agree that you will:
	•	6.11.1 not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available the App, Website, or the Services in any form, in whole or in part, to any person without prior written consent from us;
	•	6.11.2 not copy the App, Website, or Services, except as part of the normal use of the App or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
	•	6.11.3 not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter, or modify the whole or any part of the App, Website, or Services nor permit the App, Website, or the Services or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the App, Website, and the Services on devices as permitted in these terms;
	•	6.11.4 not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the App, Website, or the Services nor attempt to do any such things.

6.12 It is your responsibility to ensure that you obtain and maintain any licence or consent required for you to use the Service, App, or Website.

6.13 We take all types of misuse very seriously, and by entering into this agreement you agree to take all steps necessary to make sure that it does not happen. If we believe you have misused the Service, App, or Website or have allowed anyone else to misuse the Service, we may take immediate action to suspend the Service or end your agreement with us pursuant to clause 11.

7. Security

7.1 Due to the nature of the Service, you accept that we cannot guarantee the security of the Service against unlawful access or use. You should make sure that you have adequate security to prevent unlawful access to or use of the Service, access to your computing equipment, or disclosure of confidential information.

7.2 You accept that we do not guarantee the integrity, authentication, and confidentiality of any information, files, and data (including but not limited to banking information) you may wish to exchange over the internet.

7.3 If you are supplied with an account to access the Service, then you must take all necessary steps to keep that password confidential and secure, and you must use it properly and not exchange, transfer, or sell that password to any third party.

7.4 The App or any Service may contain links to other independent websites which are not provided by us. Such independent sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for and have not checked and approved their content or their privacy policies (if any).

7.5 You will need to make your own independent judgment about whether to use any such independent sites, including whether to buy any products or services offered by them.

7.6 You agree that you will:
	•	7.6.1 not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available the App, Website, or the Services in any form, in whole or in part, to any person without prior written consent from us;
	•	7.6.2 not copy the App, Website, or Services, except as part of the normal use of the App or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
	•	7.6.3 not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter, or modify the whole or any part of the App, Website, or Services nor permit the App, Website, or the Services or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the App, Website, and the Services on devices as permitted in these terms;
	•	7.6.4 not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the App, Website, or the Services nor attempt to do any such things.

7.7 It is your responsibility to ensure that you obtain and maintain any licence or consent required for you to use the Service, App, or Website.

7.8 We take all types of misuse very seriously, and by entering into this agreement you agree to take all steps necessary to make sure that it does not happen. If we believe you have misused the Service, App, or Website or have allowed anyone else to misuse the Service, we may take immediate action to suspend the Service or end your agreement with us pursuant to clause 11.

8. Other things we may need to do

8.1 We may monitor and record calls made to the helpdesk. We do this for training purposes and to improve the quality of our helpdesk. Occasionally, for operational reasons, we may have to:
	•	8.1.1 interrupt the service and if we do so, we will restore it as quickly as we can; and
	•	8.1.2 change the login password or disable the password login if a password is required for the service at a specific network, and if we do so, we will notify you of the new password as soon as practicable using the contact details you have provided.

9. Our responsibility to you

9.1 Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that the Service, App, or Website will never be faulty. Unless these terms and conditions say otherwise, we have no liability (to the extent permitted by law) to you (whether or not we are negligent) for any direct financial loss, loss of profit, revenue, time, anticipated savings or profit or revenue, opportunity, data, use, business, wasted expenditure, business interruption, loss arising from disclosure of confidential information, loss arising from or in connection with use of the Service or inability to use or access the Service or a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the service at any time or damage to physical property or for any other similar direct loss that may arise in relation to this agreement whether or not we were advised in advance of the possibility of such loss or damage.

9.2 Unless these terms and conditions say otherwise, we have no liability (to the extent permitted by law) to you (whether or not we are negligent) for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever.

9.3 We do not warrant or guarantee that the Service will be compatible with your equipment, any software that you may use, or your communications network. We cannot guarantee the performance of the internet or that you will be able to use the internet. Using the internet is at your own risk.

9.4 The App and the Services have not been developed to meet your individual requirements. Please check that the facilities and functions of the App and the Services (as described on the app store site and in the Documentation) meet your requirements.

10. Matters beyond a party’s control

10.1 If an Event Outside Our Control gives rise to a failure or delay in any party performing any obligation under this Agreement, that obligation will be suspended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control.

10.2 A party that becomes aware of an Event Outside Our Control which gives rise to, or which is likely to give rise to, any failure or delay in that party performing any obligation under this Agreement, must:
	•	10.2.1 promptly notify the other; and
	•	10.2.2 inform the other of the period for which it is estimated that such failure or delay will continue.

10.3 A party whose performance of its obligations under this Agreement is affected by an Event Outside Our Control must take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of the Event Outside Our Control.

11. If you breach this agreement

11.1 In the event of:
	•	11.1.1 a serious misuse or case of misconduct (for example, if you are rude or aggressive to anyone who works for us or anyone who works on our behalf);
	•	11.1.2 you are otherwise in breach of this agreement and such breach is incapable of being remedied; or
	•	11.1.3 any other agreements between us also being terminated early (unless by reason of our default);

then we shall be entitled, in our absolute discretion, to immediately terminate this agreement without any liability or obligation to refund and prohibit you from further use of the App, Website, or the Service.

11.2 In the event of a breach of this agreement which is capable of remedy, rather than immediately terminate pursuant to clause 11.1, we will normally instead suspend the Service and/or access to the Website and/or App and give you an opportunity to put matters right in accordance with clause 11.3.

11.3 Should we suspend the Service or access to the Website or App pursuant to clause 11.2 or choose, in our absolute discretion, to suspend rather than enforce our right to terminate pursuant to clause 11.1, then we will tell you what needs to be done before we reinstate it. If such actions are not taken within 7 days of us giving notice, we will thereafter be entitled to immediately terminate this agreement without giving notice and without any liability or obligation to refund any monies paid by you for the Service.

11.4 Sometimes we may choose to ignore it if you break one of our terms and conditions, or we may choose not to enforce a particular term. But even if we do this, we can still choose to enforce that term or take action because you break that or any other term in the future, and ignoring a breach or not enforcing a term does not constitute a waiver of any of our rights under this agreement.

11.5 We are able to provide you with the Service because we have a contract with the Site owner. If for any reason whatsoever our agreement with the Site owner comes to an end, we are entitled to terminate this agreement immediately on giving notice. In the event of termination in accordance with this clause 11.5, we will refund you for any amounts paid in respect of the Service for a period where the Service hasn’t been used.

11.6 Once this agreement has terminated, for whatever reason, you must delete or remove the App from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the App which you have, and we may ask you to confirm to us that you have done this. If you do not, we may remotely access your devices and remove the App from them and cease providing you with access to the Services.

12. Other important terms

12.1 We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these terms to another person if we agree to this in writing.

12.2 This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms. Neither of us will need to get the agreement of any other person in order to end the contract.

12.3 We may need to change these terms to reflect changes in law or best practice or to deal with additional features which we introduce. We will give you notice of any change by sending you an SMS or email with details of the change or notifying you of a change when you next log in to the App or the Website. If you do not accept the notified changes you will not be permitted to continue to use the App/Website and the Service.

12.4 Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.

12.5 If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things, and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you but we continue to provide the Service, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.

12.6 Unless otherwise stated in this agreement, notices given under this agreement shall be in writing and delivered to the following addresses:
	•	12.6.1 to us, to our registered office address; and
	•	12.6.2 to you, to the address you provide to us.

12.7 If any provision of this agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of its provisions will continue in full force and effect as if this agreement has been executed with the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision omitted.

12.8 An obligation on you within this agreement not to do something includes an obligation on you not to agree or allow that thing to be done.

12.9 These terms are governed by English and Welsh law and the parties can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English and Welsh courts.

ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

1. Introduction

1.1 This acceptable use policy (the “Policy”) sets out the rules governing:
	•	1.1.1 The use of the website at administration.mynovunacharging.co.uk, the Mobile App, any successor website, and the services available on that website or any successor website (the “Services”); and
	•	1.1.2 The transmission, storage, and processing of content by you, or by any person on your behalf, using the Services (”Content”).

1.2 References in this Policy to “you” are to any customer for the Services including any Customer User and any individual user of the Services including any End User (and “your” should be construed accordingly); and

1.3 References in this Policy to “us” are to Mitsubishi HC Capital UK PLC trading as Novuna Vehicle Solutions and to Monta ApS (and “we” and “our” should be construed accordingly).

1.4 By using the Services, you agree to the rules set out in this Policy.

1.5 We will ask for End Users’ express agreement to the terms of this Policy before you upload or submit any Content or otherwise use the Services.

1.6 You must be at least 16 years of age to use the Services; and by using the Services, you warrant and represent to us that you are at least 16 years of age.

2. General usage rules

2.1 You must not use the Services in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Services or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the Services.

2.2 You must not use the Services:
	•	2.2.1 in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, or harmful;
	•	2.2.2 in any way which could harm our goodwill or reputation; or
	•	2.2.3 in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, or harmful purpose or activity.

2.3 You must ensure that all Content complies with the provisions of this Policy.

3. Unlawful Content

3.1 Content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).

3.2 Content, and the use of Content by us in any manner licensed or otherwise authorised by you, must not:
	•	3.2.1 be libellous or maliciously false;
	•	3.2.2 be obscene or indecent;
	•	3.2.3 infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trademark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
	•	3.2.4 infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy, or right under data protection legislation;
	•	3.2.5 constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
	•	3.2.6 constitute an incitement to commit a crime, instructions for the commission of a crime, or the promotion of criminal activity;
	•	3.2.7 be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
	•	3.2.8 constitute a breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
	•	3.2.9 be blasphemous;
	•	3.2.10 constitute a breach of official secrets legislation; or
	•	3.2.11 constitute a breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person.

3.3 You must ensure that Content is not and has never been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.

4. Graphic material

4.1 Content must be appropriate for all persons who have access to or are likely to access the Content in question, and in particular for children over 12 years of age.

4.2 Content must not depict violence in an explicit, graphic, or gratuitous manner.

4.3 Content must not be pornographic or sexually explicit.

5. Factual accuracy

5.1 Content must not be untrue, false, inaccurate, or misleading.

5.2 Statements of fact contained in Content and relating to persons (legal or natural) must be true; and statements of opinion contained in Content and relating to persons (legal or natural) must be reasonable, be honestly held, and indicate the basis of the opinion.

6. Negligent advice

6.1 Content must not consist of or contain any legal, financial, investment, taxation, accountancy, medical, or other professional advice, and you must not use the Services to provide any legal, financial, investment, taxation, accountancy, medical, or other professional advisory services.

6.2 Content must not consist of or contain any advice, instructions, or other information that may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause death, illness or personal injury, damage to property, or any other loss or damage.

7. Etiquette

7.1 Content must be appropriate, civil, and tasteful, and accord with generally accepted standards of etiquette and behavior on the internet.

7.2 Content must not be offensive, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, menacing, hateful, discriminatory, or inflammatory.

7.3 Content must not be liable to cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety.

7.4 You must not use the Services to send any hostile communication or any communication intended to insult, including such communications directed at a particular person or group of people.

7.5 You must not use the Services for the purpose of deliberately upsetting or offending others.

7.6 You must not unnecessarily flood the Services with material relating to a particular subject or subject area, whether alone or in conjunction with others.

7.7 You must ensure that Content does not duplicate other content available through the Services.

7.8 You must ensure that Content is appropriately categorized.

7.9 You should use appropriate and informative titles for all Content.

7.10 You must at all times be courteous and polite to other users of the Services and to anyone who works for us or anyone who works on our behalf. Unacceptable conduct, abusiveness, or aggressiveness towards those who work for us, for example people you speak to if you use the helpdesk, will not be tolerated.

8. Marketing and spam

8.1 You must not without our written permission use the Services for any purpose relating to the marketing, advertising, promotion, sale, or supply of any product, service, or commercial offering.

8.2 Content must not constitute or contain spam, and you must not use the Services to store or transmit spam—which for these purposes shall include all unlawful marketing communications and unsolicited commercial communications.

8.3 You must not send any spam or other marketing communications to any person using any email address or other contact details made available through the Services or that you find using the Services.

8.4 You must not use the Services to promote, host, or operate any chain letters, Ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes, matrix programs, multi-level marketing schemes, “get rich quick” schemes, or similar letters, schemes, or programs.

8.5 You must not use the Services in any way which is liable to result in the blacklisting of any of our IP addresses.

9. Regulated businesses

9.1 You must not use the Services for any purpose relating to gambling, gaming, betting, lotteries, sweepstakes, prize competitions, or any gambling-related activity.

9.2 You must not use the Services for any purpose relating to the offering for sale, sale, or distribution of drugs or pharmaceuticals.

9.3 You must not use the Services for any purpose relating to the offering for sale, sale, or distribution of knives, guns, or other weapons.

10. Monitoring

You acknowledge that we may actively monitor the Content and the use of the Services.

11. Data mining

You must not conduct any systematic or automated data scraping, data mining, data extraction or data harvesting, or other systematic or automated data collection activity, by means of or in relation to the Services.

12. Hyperlinks

You must not link to any material using or by means of the Services that would, if it were made available through the Services, breach the provisions of this Policy.

13. Harmful software

13.1 The Content must not contain or consist of, and you must not promote, distribute, or execute by means of the Services, any viruses, worms, spyware, adware, or other harmful or malicious software, programs, routines, applications, or technologies.

13.2 The Content must not contain or consist of, and you must not promote, distribute, or execute by means of the Services, any software, programs, routines, applications, or technologies that will or may have a material negative effect upon the performance of a computer or introduce material security risks to a computer.
