Start Up Package - Operator Terms & Conditions
Monta ApS 

1. Introduction
1.1. By accepting these Operator Terms & Conditions, the Operator is hereby granted a license to make use of the Start Up Package on the Monta Software, and Monta hereby agrees to provide the Monta Soft-ware to the Operator according to the terms of this Agreement. 
1.2. These Operator Terms & Conditions, the Roaming Terms and the Terms of Use are collectively referred to as the "Agreement". 
1.3. In the event of any inconsistency between the documents, they shall take precedence in the following order: Operator Terms & Condi-tions, Roaming Terms, Terms of Use. 

2. Definitions
"Agreement" means the Operator Terms & Conditions, the Roaming Terms and the Terms of Use, as amended from time to time in writing.
“API” and “API Documentation” means, if applicable, alternative programming interface and any accompanying or related documenta-tion, source code, SDKs, executable applications and other materials made available by Monta, including, without limitation, through the website https://docs.partner-api.monta.com.
“Charge Point” means a facility suitable and intended for charging of EV’s (or plug-in hybrid vehicles); if such facility has multiple sockets enabling the charge of several EV’s at the same time, then each socket shall be considered a Charge Point under this Agreement. 
“Contract Start Date” means the date of the purchase on which the Initial Term shall commence.
"Custom Subscription Fee” means, if applicable, a fee payable by the Operator to set up a subscription on a Team or a Charge Point in Monta Hub in the module "Plans & Subscriptions". The module enables the Operator to set up a monthly paid "Plan" on a Team or Charge Point via Monta at a price determined by the Operator. Monta issues a receipt with Operator as payee and Team as payor. The fee is charged by Monta to the Operator immediately after the monthly subscription payment is charged between the Operator and the Team.
"Data Protection Laws" means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and all other EU laws or, as applicable, local laws regulating the processing of Personal Data.
"Effective Date" means the date when the Operator has signed up and purchased the Start Up Package. 
“End User“ means an individual user who utilize or access a service provided by Monta, such use and access regulated separately and not by this Agreement; 
“EV” means an electric vehicle (or plug-in hybrid vehicles).
“Fair Use Policy” means the Fair Use Policy related to use of the API, available on the website https://docs.partner-api.monta.com/
"Usage Fees" means fees based on Charge Point activity and Fleet usage including Transaction Fees, International Transaction Fee and Roaming Fee. 
“Fleet” means the sum of drivers of electric vehicles (or plug-in hybrid vehicle) organized in a Team managed by the Operator to manage vehi-cle integration, charging, billing and operations.
“Fleet Charging” means the ability to add Fleet Drivers to a Team to charge an EV on Charge Points by (i) Team Wallet as a payment method where all transactions of the Fleet are invoiced at the end of the month, or (ii) by payment card or similar authorized payment method, in either case initiated via the Mobile App or by RFID.
“Fleet Driver” means an Authorized User that has been added as a member of a Fleet, if applicable including vehicle telematics integra-tion, with the purpose of enabling the driver to charge their EV by use of the Mobile App or RFID Card.
“Fleet Reimbursement” means the reimbursement by a Team of out-of-pocket electricity expenses held by the Fleet Driver of a private charge. 
"Force Majeure" means an event, or a series of related events, outside the reasonable control of the Party affected, such as failures of the internet or any public telecommunications network, hacker attacks, denial of service attacks, virus or other malicious software attacks or infections, power failures, industrial disputes affecting any Third Party, changes to the law, disasters, epidemics, pandemics, explosions, fires, floods, riots, terrorist attacks, and wars;
“Initial Term” means the agreed years or months commencing on the Contract Start Date as set out in the order form.
"Intellectual Property Rights" means all intellectual property rights globally, whether registrable or unregistrable, registered or unregis-tered, including any application or right of application for such rights (including but not limited to copyright and related rights, database rights, confidential information, trade secrets, know-how, business names, trade names, trademarks, service marks, passing off rights, unfair competition rights, patents, petty patents, utility models, semi-conductor topography rights and rights in designs);
“Internal Transaction Fee” means a Transaction Fee where the charge occurs between Teams or Team member(s) within a Team under the same Operator. This fee type applies when the API is used to start a Charge Point of the Operator.
"Mobile App" means the mobile application known as Monta Charge that is made available by Monta through Google Play Store and Apple App Store. 
“Monta Hub” means the Monta partner portal and its features including but not limited to the charge point management system which the Operator has been granted access subject to the terms of this Agreement.
"Monta Software" means Monta Hub and the Mobile App by Monta to the Operator as a service, and any other services Monta has agreed to make available to the Operator, including if applicable Support Services, in accordance with this Agreement.
"Operator Data" means data of or regarding the Operator's, and if applicable Third-Party Customers’, Charge Points and Fleets, made available to Operator through the Monta Software. 
“Party” means either the Operator or Monta, collectively referred to as the “Parties”.
"Personal Data" means any information that directly or indirectly identifies an individual, including any information that is “personal data”, “personal information” or “personally identifiable information” under Data Protection Laws.
“Platform Fee” means an annual fee paid in advance for access to the Start Up Package on the Monta Software. 
“RFID” or “RFID Card” means a Radio Frequency Identification card which is a card embedded with a radio frequency identification chip used for purposes such as access and transaction authentication. The RFID card allows for contactless communication between the card user and a Charge Point, initiating the charge session and facilitating the payment of the charging via the payment method chosen in Monta Hub or the Mobile App.
“Roaming” means the ability for the Operator to share a Charge Point with the public. Roaming is optional and may be enabled within Monta Hub. Roaming is subject to the Roaming Terms. 
“Roaming Fee” means a fee payable by the Operator to a paid charge session by an external user (non-Monta user) via a roaming partner, i.e. an MSP (Mobility Service Provider). Only applicable to Charge Points on a Team under the Operator that has enabled "Roaming" in Monta Hub. The fee is charged instantly after the charge by Monta to the Operator.
“Start Up Package” means the selective services made available via the Monta Software for eligible startups at a significantly reduced cost during their business validation phase with no personalized support or SLA’s. 
“Team” means the account structure in Monta Hub whereby the Opera-tor can organize Charge Points and Fleets.
"Term" means the term of this Agreement which shall begin as of the Effective Date and remain in force for the duration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable, during which both Par-ties are bound by the terms of this Agreement.
“Terms of Use” means the terms of use as updated from time-to-time available on the website of Monta.
“Third Party” means any person other than Monta or the Operator.
“Third-Party Operator” refers to a Third Party whose Charge Points and/or Fleets are operated and managed on the Operator's account in a Team by virtue of a sublicense from the Operator. 
"Transaction Fees" means a fee payable by the Operator per paid charge session completed on a Charge Point on a Team under the Opera-tor. The fee applies on transactions paid by use of a payment method offered by Monta, including but not limited to the wallet, payment via credit cards, or charges via a charge key connected to a wallet.

3. License to the Monta Software
3.1. Monta hereby grants to the Operator a non-exclusive license to use the Start Up Package on the Monta Software during the Term. 
3.2. The Operator will via Monta Hub and the Mobile App be able to manage its Charge Points and Fleets and have access to the agreed features and services made available by Monta. The total amount of active Charge Points will at all times be visible in Monta Hub. A Charge Point is considered active once it has been installed with the software solution of Monta and set as active in Monta Hub.
3.3. The Operator may as part of the license make use of and access the API. Any usage must be in accordance with Monta’s API Documentation and Fair Use Policy. All terms in this Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to usage based on API.

4. Use of the Monta Software 
4.1. The Operator may only use the Monta Software according to the terms of this Agreement. 
4.2. The Operator may not transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the license granted to use the Monta Software without the prior written confirmation of Monta. The Operator is granted permission to subli-cense to Third Parties that own or has the right to manage the Charge Point, provided the Operator ensures the sublicensee adheres to these Operator Terms & Conditions. 
4.3. The Operator warrants that it shall not use the Monta Software in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful activity, or in connection with any other activity that may harm the reputation of Monta. 
4.4. Any use by the Operator of Monta Hub and Mobile App shall be in compliance with the separate Terms of Use, as may and will be updated from time-to-time. 

5. Fleet Management
5.1. By integrating a Fleet onto Monta Hub i.e. inviting Fleet Drivers to a Team, the Operator can centrally manage Fleet Charging and Fleet Re-imbursements and has a centralized overview of charging expenses, financial reporting, usage rates and vehicle telematics. 
5.2. The Operator shall at all times ensure that all information, includ-ing but not limited to contact details, RFID, and vehicle information of the Fleet Drivers are correctly registered and that any vehicle and/or user is removed from the Monta Hub if it is no longer a part of the Fleet. 
5.3. The Operator shall daily monitor the Fleet transactions via Monta Hub and without undue delay notify Monta of any irregularities.
5.4. The Operator will be solely responsible for all usage of RFID cards. If the Operator suspects any misuse, failure, unauthorized charging, criminal activity or alike on a RFID card, they shall immediately notify Monta and remove/suspend the RFID card on the Monta Hub. 
5.5. Monta may at any time set a monthly limit on Fleet Charging and/or Fleet Reimbursement. The Operator is only permitted to have a monthly total outstanding equal to the limit granted by Monta. The limit is the maximum amount up to which the Operator is allowed to utilize using the Monta Software. Monta is entitled to monitor adherence to the limit. If the Operator exceeds the limit, Monta shall be entitled to require that the Operator facilitates a payment within 14 days from such payment notice, so that the outstanding is within the agreed limit. Monta is entitled to suspend access to the services if the limit is exceeded. 

6. Fees
6.1. The Operator shall pay the following Usage Fees to Monta in ac-cordance with this Agreement.  
-	Transaction Fee: 5%
-	Roaming Fee: 5%
-	International Transaction Fee: 0,5%
-	Custom Subscription Fee: 0%
6.2. All Usage Fees are calculated and invoiced monthly based on the activity registered on each Charge Point and visible in Monta Hub on the last day of each invoicing period. The invoice includes Usage Fees for all Charge Points that have been active in the period.  
6.3 A Platform Fee will be invoiced once annually in advance. 
6.3. All amounts stated in or in relation to this Agreement are, unless the context requires otherwise, stated exclusive of any applicable value-added taxes, which will be added to those amounts and payable by the Operator to Monta.

7. Payments
7.1. Monta shall issue invoices for the Fees to the Operator on or after the last day of a calendar month.
7.2. The Operator must pay the Fees to Monta within 30 days from the invoicing date. The due date will be stated on the invoice. The Operator must pay the Fees using such payment details as set out on the invoice.
7.3. If the Operator fails to pay an invoice within the due date, Monta is entitled to claim a late payment interest rate set at a charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance.
7.4. In the event the Operator fails to pay Fees within the due date, Monta may suspend the Monta Software provided the Operator has not paid the outstanding amount within 14 days from receiving a notice of late payment from Monta. A suspension will not relieve the Operator of its obligation to pay such invoices or any other fees payable to Monta.  

8. GDPR and Privacy
8.1. Monta may collect, store and use personal data from the End User. Monta’s Privacy Policy regulates how Monta collect, store and use the data collected from the website, Portal and the Mobile App.
8.2. The Parties agree, for the purpose of Data Protection Laws, that each Party, to the extent personal data is being processed, processes such personal data as an independent data controller in its own right and for its own purposes, separately determined. Each Party agree individually and separately to be responsible for complying with the obligations that apply to it as a data controller under Data Protection Laws. If required in the event of future changes to the law, or the business relationship, the Parties shall in good faith agree on an amendment necessary to comply with applicable Data Protection Laws.
8.3. If this Agreement is terminated, the Operator has the right to access their data within 6 months from the termination date. 
8.4. Our GDPR Policy compliments our Privacy Policy and sets out Monta’s GDPR compliance program. 

9. Intellectual Property Rights
9.1. Monta retains full ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Monta Software, including all documentation, technology, know-how, developments, future versions and data. 
9.2. Nothing in this Agreement shall be considered an assignment or transfer of any Intellectual Property Rights from Monta to the Operator, or from the Operator to Monta.
9.3. The Operator acknowledges and agrees to not perform any activi-ties which could infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of Monta or to obtain a copy of the software behind any of the Monta Software. 
9.4. Intellectual Property Rights to any developments, designs or im-plementations made available specifically for the Operator are the exclusive property of Monta unless otherwise specifically agreed in a separate project plan.  
9.5. The Operator hereby grants to Monta the express right to use Opera-tor's company name and logo in marketing, sales, financial, and public relations materials and other communications with the sole purpose to identify Operator as a Monta customer. Monta hereby grants to Operator the express right to use Monta’s name and logo solely to identify Monta as a provider of Services to Operator. Neither Party may use the other Party's marks, codes, drawings or specifications in other situations without the prior written permission of the other Party.
9.6. The Operator shall in its marketing efforts always be respectful to the Monta brand and trademarks. The Operator shall comply with our brand guidelines and reasonable instructions. 

10. Limitation of liability and indemnification
10.1. The Operator acknowledges that the Monta Software are provided “as is” and may be modified, updated, interrupted or suspended at any time without notice or liability. Monta will use reasonable endeavors to notify Operator in advance of any modifications, updates or interrup-tions. Monta agrees to provide reasonable notice to the Operator if any of the Monta Software are to be suspended. The Monta Software are only designed and compatible with those hardware systems specified from time-to-time as Supported Charge Points. 
10.2. Monta does not assume any responsibility or liability for the hardware of the Charge Point and shall not be liable concerning any subject matter arising from or related to the hardware regardless of the form of any claim or action (whether in contract, negligence, strict liability or otherwise) to the extent the use of the Monta Software has caused (i) any such liability as referenced in the Terms of Use, (ii) any equipment damages, fires, personal injuries; (iii) product liability; or (iv) security breaches. 
10.3. In no event shall Monta be liable for damages in the aggregate for all claims in excess of amounts paid to Monta by the Operator (hereun-der during the 12-month period preceding the date on which the first claim arose).
10.4. The Operator shall indemnify and hold harmless Monta for any claims directed towards Monta from an End User, sublicensee of the Operator or other Third Party resulting from an issue, defect or mal-function that is related to the hardware of the Charge Point.
10.5. The Operator acknowledges that Monta will not provide any legal, financial, accountancy, or tax advice under this Agreement or in relation to the Monta Software; and, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, Monta does not warrant or represent that the Monta Software or the use of the Monta Software by the Operator will not give rise to any legal liability on the part of the Operator or any other person.

11. Term and termination
11.1. This Agreement enters into force on the Effective Date and is in force for the duration of the Term. Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically extend for successive twelve (12) month periods (each a "Renewal Term"), such Renewal Term starting from the date immediately following the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, unless a Party terminates the Agree-ment with 90 calendar days written notice before the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable.
11.2. If a Party commits a material breach of this Agreement, and the material breach cannot be remedied by the Party within 30 days after receiving a written notice of a material breach from the other Party, then the non-breaching Party may immediately terminate the Agreement. If a material breach in its nature is not remediable, the other Party may immediately terminate the Agreement. 
11.3. Subject to applicable law, either Party may terminate this Agree-ment immediately by giving written notice of termination to the other Party, in the event the other Party (i) is dissolved; (ii) ceases to conduct all (or substantially all) of its business; (iii) is or becomes unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (iv) is or becomes insolvent or is declared insolvent; (v) convenes a meeting or makes or proposes to make any arrangement or composition with its creditors; (vi) has an administra-tor, administrative receiver, liquidator, receiver, trustee, manager, or similar appointed to administer any of its assets; or (vii) has received an order for the winding up of its business, or has passed a resolution for the winding up of its business. 
11.4. Monta may terminate this Agreement by giving 30 days written notice if the Operator fails to make a payment within the due date.

12. Force Majeure 
12.1. If a Force Majeure event gives rise to a failure or delay whereby a Party cannot perform its obligation under this Agreement (except an obligation to make a payment), that obligation will be suspended for the duration of the Force Majeure.
12.2. A Party that becomes aware of a Force Majeure event which gives rise to, or which is likely to give rise to, any failure or delay in that Party performing any obligation under this Agreement, must (i) prompt-ly notify the other; and (ii) inform the other of the period for which it is estimated that such failure or delay will continue.
12.3. A Party whose performance of its obligations under this Agree-ment is affected due to Force Majeure must take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of the Force Majeure event.

13. Effects of termination
13.1. The obligations of the Parties under this Agreement that by their nature would continue beyond termination (including but not limited to use restriction, liability limitation, indemnification, confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights) shall survive and continue to be in effect after a termination of this Agreement.
13.2. The Operator shall cease any use of the Monta Software after this Agreement is terminated. Except to the extent expressly provided oth-erwise in this Agreement, the termination of this Agreement shall not affect the accrued rights of either Party.
13.3. Within 30 days after the termination of this Agreement, for any reason, (i) the Operator must pay to Monta any Fees for Monta Software provided to the Operator up until the termination of this Agreement; (ii) Monta must refund to the Operator any Fees paid by the Operator to Monta in respect of Monta Software that were to be provided to the Operator on a date after the termination of this Agreement, without prejudice to the Parties' other legal rights; and (iii) the Operator must, at the written request of Monta, return or destroy all documents and other tangible materials that have been received from Monta, including all copies thereof. 

14. Commercial Agent 
14.1. Monta is appointed by the Operator to act as a commercial agent in the name of and on behalf of the Operator in the conclusion of purchas-es made by End Users through the Monta Software, and to collect the payments made by End Users for charging of electric vehicles owed to the Operator in respect of those purchases. 
14.2. Monta will as agent acting with the authority of the Operator (being the principal), determine whether to accept any orders relating to the charging of electric vehicles made via the Monta Software, and a notification of any order acceptance shall be submitted to the user by Monta. Monta is granted a power of attorney by the Operator to receive payments for full settlement of the payment obligation from the End Users. Monta is not liable and does not take any responsibility for the provision of the charging of electric vehicles by users.  

15. Confidentiality 
15.1. Neither Party shall disclose the terms of this Agreement and the pricing contained therein or any information shared during the perfor-mance of the Agreement that is designated as confidential or which ought reasonably to be considered confidential to any Third Party, except as may otherwise be set out in this Agreement, or to the extent disclosure of such information is required by law or imposed by a governmental authority, in which event the disclosing Party shall notify the other party of such disclosure as soon as possible.

16. Miscellaneous
16.1. This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement and shall supersede any purchase terms of the Operator or any previous agree-ments, arrangements, or understandings between the Parties in respect of that subject matter. 
16.2. If at any time, any provision of this Agreement becomes illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, such provision shall be amended to come as close to the original intent as possible, and the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

17. Updates
17.1. From time to time, Monta may update the Terms of Use. By mak-ing use of the Monta Software at any time, the Operator agrees to be bound by the terms of use applicable at the time of such use. 
17.2. Monta reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify, update, or otherwise revise these Operator Terms and Conditions at any time. Any material revision shall be notified to the Operator one (1) month in advance before taking effect. Any use of the Monta Software after a notification shall be considered an acceptance by the Operator of the revised Operator Terms and Conditions. 

1. Roaming Terms
1.1 This CPO Roaming Agreement (“Agreement”) is concluded between the Operator (in this Agreement referred also referred to as the “CPO”) and Monta (in this Agreement referred also referred to as the “Bundled CPO”) for the purpose of allowing the Bundled CPO to make available the network of Charge Points operated by the CPO and/or the Charge Point Owner (Bundled Charge Points) to inbound charges by eDrivers charging via third party EMP’s. 
1.2 This Agreement is an appendix to the Term & Conditions. All defini-tions not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Terms & Conditions. 
1.3 With this Agreement, the Parties agree on their mutual rights and obligations and define the terms and conditions at which the Bundled CPO purchases the electricity from the CPO and makes the Bundled Charge Points available to EMP and EMP’s eDrivers.

2. Definitions
The following definitions shall apply (all definitions used that are not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Terms & Conditions):
“Agreement” means this Roaming Agreement which forms part of the Terms & Conditions.
“Bundled Charge Points” means the network of Charge Points operat-ed by the CPO for which the CPO has activated Roaming within the Monta Software platform. 
“CDR” means a charge detail record, which includes all or some of the charging event-related data for the respective customer identification.
“Charge Point Operator (CPO)” means an operator of publicly acces-sible Charge Points for electrically powered vehicles. Charge Point Operators may be owners of the charging infrastructure or assume the above responsibility on behalf of other charging infrastructure owners.
“Charging Process” means the entire process of charging an electrical-ly powered vehicle at a Charge Point of a Charging Station including the supply of electricity. Each Charging Process consists of various events which are recorded by the Charging Station. A Charging Process is specifically defined by a start- and end-time and by a meter start- and end-value. The start- and end-time determined by the Charging Station as well as the corresponding meter values and other data relevant for the billing are transmitted from the Charging Station to a Charge Point Operator backend system where the data is stored in the form of a CDR and subsequently made available to eMobility Providers.
“Charging Station” means the entirety of a technical device (hard- and software) for charging electrically powered vehicles with electric energy. Charging Stations can have one or more Charge Points (Accessi-ble Charge Points) to connect to an electrically powered vehicle for the purpose of charging the batteries. Each Accessible Charge Point can be identified by an EVSE-ID.
“Dynamic Pricing” means the spot pricing feature in the Portal which allows Operators and Charge Point Owners to set their kWh price based on the dynamic hour-by-hour price and not on a static number.
“eDrivers or EMP users” are end customers using Charging Stations to charge the batteries of electrically powered vehicles. eDrivers maintain contractual relationships with one or more eMobility Providers provid-ing them with access to Charging Stations including the supply of elec-tricity at agreed conditions. To identify themselves as an end customer of a certain eMobility Provider, eDrivers use Identification Media issued by their eMobility Provider.
“eMobility Providers (EMP)” maintain contractual relationships with eDrivers to whom they offer access to Charging Stations of one or more Charge Point Operators including the supply of electricity at agreed conditions. An eMobility Provider can maintain contractual relation-ships with one or more other eMobility Provider (“Sub-EMPs”), allow-ing eMobility Provider to bundle these Sub-EMPs and their eDrivers in one single network operated by eMobility Provider. The list of EMP’s that Monta are integrated with can at all times be found here: https://app.monta.app/roaming/emsp.
“Electric Vehicle Contract Identifier (EVCO-ID)” means a unique identifier of a specific contract between an eMobility Provider and an eDriver.
“Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Identifier (EVSE-ID)” means a unique identifier of a specific Charge Point.
“Identification Media” are charging cards (e.g. RFID cards), phone numbers, NFC-tags, Mobile Applications, or other physical or virtual media issued by eMobility Provider to their eDrivers containing the EVCO-ID.
“Mobile Application” means websites, navigation systems, or applica-tions for mobile phones or other electronic devices operated by EMP for the purpose of enabling EMP’s eDrivers to find or navigate to Charg-ing Stations and perform Charging Processes via Roaming (as defined below).
“Roaming” means the ability for the CPO to allow a Charging Process to be performed at the Charging Station of a Charge Point Operator by an eDriver using the Identification Media issued by an eMobility Provider.
“Wallet” means a virtual wallet on Monta Software platform where the CPO or the Team can receive funds from the sale of electricity to the Bundled CPO. 

3. Roaming Access to Bundled Charge Points
3.1 The CPO has the ability to make available its Charge Points to the public and EMP’s by enabling ‘Roaming’ via the Monta Software plat-form. This is a feature that the CPO can toggle on or off. This Agreement applies automatically from the time the feature is toggled on.
3.2 Once Roaming is toggled on, Monta will register the Charge Points at various roaming platforms such as e.g. but not limited to Hubject and Girève. When this has occurred, the charge points will be accessible by the eDrivers of the EMP. 
3.3 The CPO hereby grants the Bundled CPO the right and the obligation to sell electricity to EMP’s based on authenticated charges initiated by EMP’s eDrivers at Bundled Charge Points. 
3.4 The Parties agree that in each instance of an EMP’s eDriver perform-ing a Charging Process at a Bundled Charge Point, the delivery of the electricity consumed takes place in a chain of 3 subsequent transac-tions:
  1.	Initially, between Bundled CPO and CPO
  2.	Subsequently, between Bundled CPO and EMP
  3.	Finally, between EMP and EMP’s eDriver.
3.5 For the avoidance of doubt, this means that the Bundled CPO shall purchase for a purchase price set by the CPO the amount of electricity consumed by EMP’s eDriver for the purpose of reselling it for a resale price to the EMP, who in turn resells the same amount of electricity for a retail price to EMP’s eDriver.

4. Obligations of Bundled CPO
4.1 The Bundled CPO possesses the necessary infrastructure and exper-tise to facilitate the sale of electricity to EMP’s, including via arrange-ments with platform such as Hubject and/or Gireve or via direct OCPI connections. 
4.2 Bundled CPO shall enable EMP’s eDrivers to access and charge from Bundled Charge Points when Roaming has been activated by the CPO.
4.3 Bundled CPO shall provide the EMP with the applicable resale prices at all Bundled Charge Points. 
4.4 Bundled CPO shall manage billing, invoicing, and collection from EMP’s.
4.5 Before starting a Charging Process, Bundled CPO shall identify eDrivers as EMP’s eDrivers (“Authentication"). Authentication can be obtained by Bundled CPO from EMP in real time provided that EMP supports real time Authentication.
4.6 After a Charging Process has been successfully completed, Bundled CPO shall ensure the exchange of the CDR with the EMP in accordance with the applicable technical standards. All CDRs will contain at least the following information:
  1.	Start and end time of the Charging Process
  2.	Meter value at the beginning and at the end of the Charging Process
  3.	Total consumption
  4.	EVCO-ID or RFID tag-ID identifying the eDriver
  5.	EVSE-ID identifying the Charge Point
  6.	The applicable tariff.
4.6 CDRs can be transmitted digitally provided that EMP supports digital CDR transmission. If EMP does not support digital CDR trans-mission, the relevant information shall be included in the monthly invoice as an Excel or CSV file.

5. Obligations of CPO
5.1 The CPO shall sell to the Bundled CPO the corresponding amount of kWh for the Charging Process performed by an EMP eDriver completely and on time without any deductions and at the price listed by the CPO at any time on the Monta Software platform.
5.2 The CPO is responsible for ensuring that the data reflected in the Monta Software platform at all times is correct, complete and up to date. The prices set by the CPO shall at all times be reasonable, transparent and non-discriminatory. 
5.3 The CPO shall cooperate with the Bundled CPO in providing neces-sary information and support for the efficient provision of services from the Bundled CPO to the EMP.

6. Pricing & Payment terms
6.1 The purchase price for the electricity sale to the Bundled CPO is set by the CPO within the Monta Software platform and shall be based on price per kWh for the electricity delivered. The prices can be set as either fixed or as Dynamic Pricing. The CPO may additionally add an idle fee (occupancy fee) as a price per minute to discourage long occu-pancy at the Charge Point.
6.2 The Bundled CPO shall purchase from the CPO for the purchase price set by the CPO the amount of electricity consumed by EMP’s eDriver. The Bundled CPO shall transfer the purchase price to the Wallet of the Charge Point Owner to which the Charge Point is assigned immediately after conclusion of the Charging Process. Immediately means with a payment term of no later than one (1) calendar day. Monta reserves the right to unilaterally and without notice extend the payout term.  
6.3 The Bundled CPO (as customer) shall issue a monthly self-billing invoice in the name and on behalf of the CPO (as taxable person) in accordance with article 224 of the VAT Directive (2006/112/EC). The invoice shall include statutorily required VAT information and clearly state “self-billing invoice”. Bundled CPO shall issue a self-billing in-voice after each calendar month including a transaction report of all completed roaming transactions for the calendar month. The CPO shall carefully review the self-billing invoice and notify Monta within seven (7) days of having received a copy of the monthly self-billing invoice providing reasonable details in case the CPO has observed a discrepan-cy or has any reservation with the content of the self-billing invoice. The self-billing invoice shall be deemed accepted unless disputed within the abovementioned period. The Parties confirm that their re-spective managements have duly approved and signed this self-billing arrangement, and each Party shall retain a copy of this Agreement.
6.4 The Bundled CPO sets the resale price towards the EMP. For MSP’s that can’t handle Dynamic Pricing due to technical incapabilities, this may entail that the Bundled CPO must offer a fixed resale price to such MSP. The Bundled CPO’s obligations towards that CPO shall remain unaffected hereby. 
6.5 From each Wallet, the funds can be paid out to a bank account of the Charge Point Owner’s choice. The Charge Point Owner is responsible for the correct entry of legal entity information and bank account master data into the Monta Software platform.
6.6 For the Roaming services, Monta receives the Roaming Fee as defined in the Terms & Conditions. The fee will be deducted from the price set by the CPO. 
6.7 The Parties acknowledge and agree that Roaming process is a com-posite supply of electricity and therefore will be treated as the delivery of a good for VAT purposes in all applicable legal jurisdictions. The prices are net prices plus the statutory value added tax (VAT).

7. Term of Agreement
7.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of and shall remain in effect for the duration of the Term. 

Last Updated: 19 May 2026
